Specification compliance statements and tidy-ups for collab cafe (#70)
k8tre/k8tre: docs/spec/networking.md

    
## Implementation Compliance

### K8TRE Reference Implementation

K8TRE uses Cilium as the default Container Network Interface (CNI) to provide advanced network security through network policies. Cilium is installed before ArgoCD during cluster setup and includes Hubble for network observability.

### TREu

The (Kubernetes-based) System plane uses the Cilium CNI and network policies to control east-west traffic within the EKS cluster, allowing access to only the services/CIDRs that are required. Project network isolation is enacted at the compute platform level, e.g. using security groups in AWS.

### FRIDGE

FRIDGE makes extensive use of Cilium and standard Kubernetes network policies to ensure only the required network paths are open between componenents in the cluster. This also applies to ingress and egress traffic. Project isolation is not required in FRIDGE as a FRIDGE instance is currently dedicated to a project.

## FAQ

- **What capabilities must a CNI must provide the cluster to be K8TRE compliant?**

>    Full support for K8S Network Policies? i.e. not AWS VPC CNI or Azure CNI..?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A CNI must provide full support for standard [K8S Network Policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/network-policies/). Note the default K8s CNI in some public cloud providers _is not compliant_.
```
